When you let my daughter have a baby out of wedlock
My family was caught by the head of the family
Then our family is reduced to this
I'll kill your bastard grandma, don't beat it
Please don't hit mom
Sedum is not to blame
Sedum can't be blamed for what happened
You are a dead girl
Just tell me Auntie Wang Waiguan
What do you have against me?
Conscience just had surgery
You can't do that to him.
Ok you you you you
How dare you
Call me please
Let's get down to business
He didn't even get mad at this bastard and forgot to get down to business
Stars
Mom and Dad introduced you to a boyfriend
It's Xu Zhengyi from Morning Real Estate
Mr. Xu oops
You
I'll pick you up when you're ready, oh Ye Fanxin
You are so lucky.
This Mr. Xu is famous
Beauty lovers don't love rich people
You can win people's favor
You really cultivated morality in your previous life, didn't you?
I've got a baby.
I won't be your girlfriend
Ye Fanqing, Mr. Xu said
As long as you are his girlfriend
He can line up our Ye family Qianjo
Meet Long Shuai
Then we can go back to the Ye family
You have to wait.